# odin-recipes

My first encounter with the git workflow in an active project started off rocky. I was confused and anxious because the lesson on git workflow seemed very clear when working within the context of step-by-step instruction, but on it's own it suddenly became very daunting as I was afraid of making a mistake and messing up my commits or my repository on GitHub somehow. I still had a lack of understanding of the way git works when I had to execute it without guidance, but this became a huge point of growth for me on the project. I revisited the git workflow lesson just to get a little more context and steadily reinforced my understanding of git through practice. I forgot to commit toward the beginning of the project as I was so excited to be building a webpage. When I realized it, I immediately did the best I could to concisely sum up the work I had done to (almost) fit in the subject line. Afterward, I began to become more familiar with the committing process the more I did it and my confidence quickly grew by the end of the project until the process almost felt second nature. On GitHub itself, I had a scare where I thought I was somehow overwriting commits when I pushed them, which I thought was impossible based on the premise of git. I simply wasn't aware that they were all available to in "History" if I clicked into it, and that only the most recent commits were showing on a given file. In addition to growing more confident with the git workflow, I learned how to wrap my text as I work as it became quickly apparent from my first webpage that repeatedly pushing text to the next line by pressing enter so that I could manage the readability of my code (especially in the event I copied and pasted long text) was a big time waster. I've also improved in my awareness of when to commit and atomic committing throughout the duration of the project. I'm very excited to continue absorbing more, and this project was very fun to work through.